Release v0.7.0 (@W-18850888@) (#234)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/raml-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 0.7.0

* Add `ExchangeConfig` type [#230](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/raml-toolkit/pull/230)

> * Update `search` function to pull latest versions of APIs and multiple versions of APIs [#231](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/raml-toolkit/pull/231)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `search` function to pull latest versions of APIs from multiple versions groups [#231](https://github.com/SalesforceCommerceCloud/raml-toolkit/pull/231)
```
